I
alright so what are the layers you get
in there so far sauce gluten-free
noodles nettles ricotta mozzarella and
parmesan shitake mushrooms in the sauce
so in the end there's just gonna be one
layer of nettles in the middle that's
right okay one layer this time how many
laterz did you do last time okay then
it's a cheese fest ricotta mozzarella
more noodles then sauce then parmigiana
these are all organic ingredients and i
think i'm going to put a little olive
oil on the foil so it doesn't stick to
the parmesan so we want to comiccon on
the lasagna not on the foil you think so
when you baked lasagna you put foil over
it usually until the last few minutes
then you can get that nice lovely crest
on the top how long is a baked half an
hour yeah well and especially maybe a
little longer if your ingredients aren't
hot like mine are hot but mostly thought
the sauce is hot I'm about to eat my
first serving of nettles lasagna ever so
you haven't had this before there what
what has been your previous nettles
experience I've had a tea made from
dried metals leaves so so Todd you've
had a vice yeah yes planet you've never
eat littles in any way once before
you're very much looking forward with it
so
it's really good I just got affected it
sweetie good now for the real test and
and are you typically a fan of eating
greens so now you had the event nettle
lasagna once before when your mom made
it so and that was your first time yeah
yeah and so this this uh this one's a
whole time pretty good too and that's
the extent of your confidence i think
that was like yeah he's evening if you
like this sort of thing come on out to
the forums of purpose calm we talk about
eating wild foods homesteading
permaculture all the time